now.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: What I'm doing now
permalink: /now.html
---
A list of items I'm currently doing my best to focus my attention on. This is based on the ["now page"](http://nownownow.com/about "About the now page") idea by [Derek Sivers](https://sivers.org/ "Derek Sivers' website").

* Lists of Bests

> [As explained in a post here on the site](/2017/10/bringing-back-an-old-friend "Blog post explaining about bringing back Lists of Bests"), I'm going to try and bring back an old project of mine. I don't plan on bringing it back to its former glory, but I'd like to get it pretty close.

* [Sketching Prompt Randomizer](http://prompts.kindofblue.com/)

> A simple creative prompt generator I wrote mainly as an exercise to teach myself [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/ "React homepage") and [Redux](http://redux.js.org/ "Redux documentation site"). It doesn't do a whole lot now, but my plan is to expand it to allow you to specify your own subjects and techniques. Note: it looks a bit better viewing on a phone instead of a desktop.

* Beginner Javascript introduction

> I've started writing a simple, beginner Javascript introductory "class" to explain the basics and teach some simple programming concepts. I only have a couple of lessons halfway written so far, but I really want to get started working on it again.

* [The Tools Artists Use](http://thetoolsartistsuse.com/ "The Tools Artists Use homepage")

> This has been on hiatus for almost three years now, but I'm going to start making progress on getting it running again. I don't think I'll stick with the same long-form interview format, but I'll start updating it with something! Unfortunately, there are many technical hurdles to jump to get it functioning properly, like a weblog software update, moving a lot of image files around, and other boring tasks.

* Sketching, and more sketching

> Over the last few years, I've really made a point to put something down in a sketchbook as often as I can. You can keep up with my progress on [Flickr](https://flickr.com/billturner "My Flickr page"), [Instagram](https://instagram.com/billturner "My Instagram page"), and the [#sketching tag](//kindofblue.com/tag/sketching/) here.

* This weblog

> I started this up again with the goal of updating more, but that hasn't really happened yet. I'm hoping a fresh burst of motivation in the new year will get me moving.

_Last updated: October 30, 2017_

Commit message:

Added learning python post; updated now

now.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: What I'm doing now
permalink: /now.html
---

A list of items I'm currently doing my best to focus my attention on. This is based on the ["now page"](http://nownownow.com/about 'About the now page') idea by [Derek Sivers](https://sivers.org/ "Derek Sivers' website").

- Learning Python

> Since Python seems to come up more often in relation to machine learninf and AI, I figure it would be a good language to try and teach myself. My first post on learning the language is [here]({{site-url}}/2019/02/learning-python/ 'My first post about learning Python').

- Lists of Bests

> [As explained in a post here on the site](/2017/10/bringing-back-an-old-friend 'Blog post explaining about bringing back Lists of Bests'), I'm going to try and bring back an old project of mine. I don't plan on bringing it back to its former glory, but I'd like to get it pretty close.

<!-- - [Sketching Prompt Randomizer](http://prompts.kindofblue.com/)

> A simple creative prompt generator I wrote mainly as an exercise to teach myself [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/ 'React homepage') and [Redux](http://redux.js.org/ 'Redux documentation site'). It doesn't do a whole lot now, but my plan is to expand it to allow you to specify your own subjects and techniques. Note: it looks a bit better viewing on a phone instead of a desktop. -->

<!-- - Beginner Javascript introduction

> I've started writing a simple, beginner Javascript introductory "class" to explain the basics and teach some simple programming concepts. I only have a couple of lessons halfway written so far, but I really want to get started working on it again. -->

<!-- - [The Tools Artists Use](http://thetoolsartistsuse.com/ 'The Tools Artists Use homepage')

> This has been on hiatus for almost three years now, but I'm going to start making progress on getting it running again. I don't think I'll stick with the same long-form interview format, but I'll start updating it with something! Unfortunately, there are many technical hurdles to jump to get it functioning properly, like a weblog software update, moving a lot of image files around, and other boring tasks. -->

- Sketching, and more sketching

> Over the last few years, I've really made a point to put something down in a sketchbook as often as I can. You can keep up with my progress on [Flickr](https://flickr.com/billturner 'My Flickr page'), [Instagram](https://instagram.com/billturner 'My Instagram page'), and the [#sketching tag](//kindofblue.com/tag/sketching/) here.

- This weblog

> I started this up again with the goal of updating more, but that hasn't really happened yet. I'm hoping a fresh burst of motivation in the new year will get me moving.

_Last updated: February 26, 2019_
